# Omnilock Script Error Codes

This is a lock script described in this [RFC](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/rfcs/blob/master/rfcs/0042-omnilock/0042-omnilock.md).

## -1
`ERROR_IDENTITY_ARGUMENTS_LEN`

The length of `signature` or `pubkey hash` are incorrect.

## -2
`ERROR_ENCODING`

There is an error while parsing data structure in molecule format.

## -3
`ERROR_IDENTITY_SYSCALL`

There is an error when calling the syscall, specifically with `ckb_load_witness`.

## -11
`ERROR_IDENTITY_SECP_RECOVER_PUBKEY`

There is an error while recovering pubkey from secp256k1 signature.

## -14
`ERROR_IDENTITY_SECP_PARSE_SIGNATURE`

There is an error while parsing secp256k1 signature.

## -15
`ERROR_IDENTITY_SECP_SERIALIZE_PUBKEY`

There is an error while serializing secp256k1 pubkey.

## -22
`ERROR_WITNESS_SIZE`

There is an error in multisig: the witness format is wrong.

## -23
`ERROR_INCORRECT_SINCE_FLAGS`

There is an error in time lock. The since flag is incorrect.

## -24
`ERROR_INCORRECT_SINCE_VALUE`

There is an error in time lock. The since value is incorrect.

## -31
`ERROR_IDENTITY_PUBKEY_BLAKE160_HASH`

While validating the secp256k1 signature against the message and pubkey hash, it doesn't match. There are several possibilities for this issue:

- Invalid pubkey hash
- Incorrectly signed message hash
- Wrong signature

## -41
`ERROR_INVALID_RESERVE_FIELD`

There is an error in multisig: reserved field is incorrect.

## -42
`ERROR_INVALID_PUBKEYS_CNT`

There is an error in multisig. The count of pubkey is zero.

## -43
`ERROR_INVALID_THRESHOLD`

There is an error in multisig: count of threshold is incorrect.

## -44
`ERROR_INVALID_REQUIRE_FIRST_N`

There is an error in multisig: count of `first n` is incorrect.

## -51
`ERROR_MULTSIG_SCRIPT_HASH`

There is an error in multisig: the hash of the multisig_script does not match.

## -52
`ERROR_VERIFICATION`

There is an error in multisig: a signature doesn't match any of the provided
public key.

## -101
`CKB_SECP256K1_HELPER_ERROR_LOADING_DATA`

Can't load precomputed secp256k1 table data from cell.  Right now secp256k1's
code and data sections are separated in different cells, if a transaction
doesn't include the cell dep used to reference secp256k1's data section, this
would be returned.

## -102
`CKB_SECP256K1_HELPER_ERROR_ILLEGAL_CALLBACK`

Illegal callback in secp256k1.

## -103
`CKB_SECP256K1_HELPER_ERROR_ERROR_CALLBACK`

Error callback in secp256k1.


## 1
`MOL_ERR_TOTAL_SIZE`

There is an error while parsing data structure in molecule format.

## 2
`MOL_ERR_HEADER`

There is an error while parsing data structure in molecule format.

## 3
`MOL_ERR_OFFSET`

There is an error while parsing data structure in molecule format.

## 4
`MOL_ERR_UNKNOWN_ITEM`
`CKB_INVALID_DATA`

There are several possibilities:

* There is an error while parsing data structure in molecule format.
* The auth id is correct

## 5
`MOL_ERR_INDEX_OUT_OF_BOUNDS`

There is an error while parsing data structure in molecule format.

## 6
`MOL_ERR_FIELD_COUNT`

There is an error while parsing data structure in molecule format.

## 7
`MOL_ERR_DATA`

There is an error while parsing data structure in molecule format.

## 46 
`ERROR_INVALID_MOL_FORMAT`

In administrator mode, there is a molecule format error.

## 47

There is an error while parsing data structure in molecule format.

## 50
`ERROR_RCRULES_TOO_DEEP`

In administrator mode, too many nested rules are found.

## 51
`ERROR_TOO_MANY_RCRULES`

In administrator mode, too many rules are found.


## 52
`ERROR_RCRULES_PROOFS_MISMATCHED`

In administrator mode, the count of proof is not mismatched.

## 53
`ERROR_SMT_VERIFY_FAILED`

In administrator mode, the SMT verification fails.

## 54
`ERROR_RCE_EMERGENCY_HALT`

In administrator mode, the emergency halt occurs. It halts all transactions.

## 57
`ERROR_ON_BLACK_LIST`

In administrator mode, the address is on black list.


## 59
`ERROR_NOT_ON_WHITE_LIST`

In administrator mode, the address is not on white list.

## 70
`ERROR_IDENTITY_LOCK_SCRIPT_HASH_NOT_FOUND`

Unable to find the owner lock script hash while the owner lock is being used.


## 71

`ERROR_IDENTITY_WRONG_ARGS`

The signature length is incorrect.

## 72
`ERROR_INVALID_PREIMAGE`

The preimage length is incorrect.

### 74
`ERROR_INVALID_ARG`

The recovery ID in the BTC secp256k1 signature is invalid. It should be a value between 27 and 42.

## 75
`ERROR_WRONG_STATE`

There is a general error while recovering or serializing the public key in secp256k1.


## 80
`ERROR_PROOF_LENGTH_MISMATCHED`

In administrator mode, the proof length is mismatched.

## 82
`ERROR_NO_OMNIRULE`

In administrator mode, there is no rule.

## 83

`ERROR_NO_WHITE_LIST`

In administrator mode, there is no white list.


## 87

`ERROR_ARGS_FORMAT`

The format of script `args` is invalid.

## 90

`ERROR_EXCEED_SUPPLY`

In supply mode, the current supply exceeds the maximum supply.


## 91
`ERROR_SUPPLY_AMOUNT`

In supply mode, the issued UDT amount is larger than the supply amount delta.


## 92
`ERROR_BURN`

In supply mode, it's not allowed to burn UDT.

## 93
`ERROR_NO_INFO_CELL`

In supply mode, either no valid info cell was found or more than one info cell was found.
