# RGB++ lock Script Error Codes

RGB++ lock script implements the RGB++ protocol

## 16


`ConfigNotFound`

Can't find the config cell from the `cell_deps`, ensure the `RGB++` and `BtcTimeLock` config cells are referenced in the `cell_deps`.

## 17

`ConfigMalformed`

The config cell is found, but its invalid.

## 32

`SpvClientNotFound`

Can't find Bitcoin SPV client cell from `cell_deps`.

## 33

`SpvClientMalformed`

Bitcoin SPV client cell is invalid.

## 34

`SpvProofIncorrect`

SPV proof is incorrect, please check the proof.

## 35

`SpvProofMalformed`

SPV proof itself is invalid.

## 48

`BadBtcTx`

Invalid `btc_tx`, the `btc_tx` should be bytes that can calculate `txid` by applying double sha256 on it, for example `duoble_sha256(btc_tx)`.

## 49

`BadRGBPPLock`

Can't parse `RGBPPLock` from cell's lock script args.

## 50

`BadBTCTimeLock`

Can't parse `BadBTCTimeLock` from cells' lock script args.

## 51

`BadBtcCommitment`

Failed to extract RGB++ commitment from `btc_tx`.

## 52

`BadRGBPPUnlock`

Invalid `RGBPPUnlock`.

## 53

`BadBTCTimeUnlock`

Invalid `BTCTimeUnlock`.

## 64

`OutputCellMismatch`

When unlocking `BtcTimeLock` cells, the corresponding output cells are required, with the following conditions:
1. The `lock` value should be equal to `BtcTimeLock#lock_script`.
2. The `capacity`, `type_`, and `data` fields must remain unchanged.

## 65

`OutputCellWithUnknownLock`

The output cells in a RGB++ unlocking transaction must satisfy one of the following conditions:

1. `type_` is none, which means this cell isn't a RGB++ assets.
2. `lock` is RGB++, which means this cell is a RGB++ cell.
3. `lock` is BtcTimeLock, which means this cell is withdrawing RGB++ assets.

## 66

`CommitmentMismatch`

This error raised in the following situations:
1. The calculated commitment does not match the `btc_tx` commitment.
2. There are inputs or outputs that have a `type_`, but they are not covered by the commitment.

## 67

`UnknownCommitmentVersion`

The commitment version is unknown.

## 68

`UtxoSealMismatch`

Can't find the UTXO seal from `btc_tx`.

