# DAO

This script provides NervosDAO on chain script implementation.

This version is deployed in the Lina and Aggron geneiss block and the source code can be found [here](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb-system-scripts/blob/v0.5.2/c/dao.c).

## 1

Requesting index is out of boundary.  This typically happens when a transaction has 3 inputs, but you are requesting for the 4th one.

## 2

Item missing.  When requesting certain optional elements this can happen. For example, some cell might not have type scripts. If the script  requires a type script but the prepared transaction doesn't have one, this will be returned.

## -1

Unknown error.

## -2

Wrong number of arguments. NervosDAO script requires script args part to be empty, this way we can ensure that all DAO related scripts in a transaction is mapped to the same group, and processed together in one execution.

## -4

Syscall error. Happens when a syscall fails to load the requested data. When this happens, it's best to re-check the transaction to make sure it follows the enclosing scripts requirements, typical reasons include invalid cell data length/format, missing type scripts, missing required witnesses, etc.

## -10

Buffer not enough. The block header is too large to be loaded into the buffer.

## -11

Encoding error. Typically happens when the data fail molecule's parsing checks, or the data passed in surpasses the script's maximum allowed limit.

## -12
Witness too long. The system script has a fixed upper bound on the accepted witness size(32K right now). If your witness is too big(for example, an attacker includes too much witness data), this would be returned.

## -13

Overflow. An arithmetic overflow when computing capacity.

## -14

Invalid withdraw block. The deposited block number must match the actual deposited block.

## -15

Incorrect capacity. The sum of capacities in output cells, cannot exceed the sum of capacities in all input cells with Nervos DAO issurance considered.

## -16

Incorrect epoch. This should never happen. It means that the script fails to parse the epoch field in the block header.

## -17

Incorrect since. NervosDAO requires DAO input field to have a since value represented via absolute epoch number.

## -18

Too many output cells. For simplicity we are limiting to 64 output cells at most, so we can use simple bit masking.

## -19

Newly created cell. For newly deposited cells, we need to validate that the cell data part contains 8 bytes of data filled with 0.

## -20

Invalid withdrawing cell. The withdrawing cell does not matches the hash.

## -21

Script too long. The system script has a fixed upper bound on the accepted serialized script size(32K right now). If your script is too big(for example, an attacker includes too much script arg data), this would be returned.
